URL: https://franchisesuppliernetwork.com/franchise-development-technology/

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Franchise Development Technology Supplier Discover Day Takeaways - Franchise Supplier Network
Home
Assessment
FSN Suppliers
Financial Services
Human Resources Services
Marketing Services
Operation Services
Real Estate Services
Legal Services
Join Our Franchise Family
Resources
About
Contact
Supplier Members
Resources
Home
Resources
Franchise Development Technology Supplier Discover Day Takeaways
Franchise Development Technology Supplier Discover Day Takeaways
March 16, 2023
Dana Farber
We recently hosted another Supplier Discovery Day, this time focusing on franchise development technology to augment your fran dev strategy. We spoke with leadership at three companies that create technology to help support and manage franchise development:
Jam Hashmi from
FranchiseSoft
, Nicole Amico from
Metric Collective
, and Greg Cook from
Silvercrest
.
Here are some of their key takeaways:
You have to innovate your Franchise Sales strategy to allow today’s franchise buyers an
interactive way to learn about your brand
on-device and on-demand.
Speed to lead is a phrase for a reason. To spend money on marketing and then not do everything in your power to work the lead properly is like throwing money away. Automate your process for efficiency without losing personalization through custom texts that are auto-generated.
Evaluate ideal markets for growth and targeting during site selection. It’s important to understand the criteria for a successful franchise territory.
Layer on dynamic retargeting strategies to re-engage high valued visitors, and deliver relevant marketing messages.
Click here for more franchise development tips
and stay tuned for our next discovery day on
Employee Operations
, dropping in April!
Back
Share on facebook (opens in a new window)
Share on Twitter (opens in a new window)
Share on Linkedin (opens in a new window)
About
Franchise Supplier Network is a community dedicated to helping franchisors and industry suppliers connect and grow. Our impact is global and our network represents billions of dollars in commerce through franchising.
Read More
Quick Links
Home
Assessment
FSN Suppliers
About
Contact
Supplier Login
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
© 2024 Copyright - FranchiseSupplierNetwork.com
Powered by
ClickTecs
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

